-------------------------------
 $Id$
-------------------------------

     Kedit 0.3.1, small editor for the KDE project.
     
     
Kedit is a small, simple and almost featureless :) editor, just like
the well-known Notepad. It is suitable only for small editing tasks, or
as a simple textfile browser.

Currently, kedit is in a very early development stage. It can load,
save/saveas files, and - of course - it can edit those files :) There is
some room for improvements, but I really want this editor to be small and
simple.

Kedit can open multiple windows (so you can edit multiple files), without
having multiple copies of the whole program in memory.

Some technical stuff:

Kedit itself is only a wrapper for my KEdit widget. This widget is a sub-
classed QMultiLineEdit (and therefore needs qt-1.1 or higher). The widget
is able to load and save textfiles, it has it's own fileselector (which isn't
initialized at creation time, so you can use your own without wasting memory).
Furthermore, KEdit has it's own search dialog and a littly context menu and
of course, some public methods for loading, saving, searching and so on.

Changes
=======

Version 0.3.1 (Martin Hartig, hartig@mathematik.uni-kl.de, 21.2.97)

- usage of the kdehelp browser, HTML help text added

Version 0.3 (Torben Weiss, weiss@kde.org, 4.2.97 )

- Drag and Drop added

- Added network access. Can load any file kfm can. To use this feature you
  must run kfm. If none is running kedit will start one on demand.

- Can save files everywhere kfm can, this means right now that you can
  write to ftp servers.

- Using libkdecore and libkfm. This means you need libkde-0.61 and
  kfm-0.51 or greater installed

- Fixed some bugs

- Works with any amount of windows now

- Changed some key bindings, but not all

- You can call
  make
  make install
 

TODO:
        Implement search again (and maybe replace), including regexp
        support. At the moment, only the search dialog has been implemented.

        Clean up some stuff, make it more user-friendly(tm).
        
	Keybindings: I'am sure, they are currently not kde-conform.
        
	Use (a not existing) KFileDialog that lets you enter URLs



